# Simple Academic Website Template
Simple, intuitive, mobile-friendly (Bootstrap-enabled) website for academics entering the market.

## Description
Many academics entering the market today are served by having a digital footprint which describes their research, teaching, and other relevant experience. While many 3rd-party hosted solutions exist, such as Wordpress.com, for those familiar with HTML and who wish to have their own hosted domain, this simple  simple template offers a quick way to get a presence online. It's also useful to experiment with HTML, CSS and the [Bootstrap Framework](https://getbootstrap.com/getting-started/).

[Download the Zipped Files](https://github.com/randal-sean-harrison/academic-website-template/archive/master.zip)


## What's included
The Zip file contains the following folders and files.

```
academic-website-template/
├── css/
│   ├── academicons.min.css
│   ├── custom.css
│   └── font-awesome.min.css
│   
├─── favicons/
│   ├── -- MULTIPLE FILENAMES.png (various sizes)
│   ├── browserconfig.xml
│   ├── manifest.json
│   └── favicon.ico
│
├─── fonts/
│   ├──academicons.eot
│   ├──academicons.svg
│   ├──academicons.ttf
│   ├──academicons.woff
│   ├──fontawesome-webfont.svg
│   ├──fontawesome-webfont.ttf
│   ├──fontawesome-webfont.woff
│   ├──fontawesome-webfont.woff2
│   └──FontAwesome.otf
│
├── img/
│   ├── jane-smith-logo.png
│   └── ilya-brik.png
│   
├── humans.txt
├── index.html
├── LICENSE.md
├── README.md
├── research.html
├── teaching.html
└── vitae.html
```

## Personalizing Your Favicon
The favicon is not required. To create your own favicon, visit [Favicon Generator](https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/) and upload your own image to generate the favicons. Next, simply replace the entire contents of this **Favicons/** folder with the files generated by the Favicons Generator site.

##Linking Your Vitae to a Google Doc



## Creator
**Randal Sean Harrison, Ph.D.**
Emerging Technologies Librarian
University of Notre Dame
<https://randalseanharrison.com>


##Copyright License and Attribution
A few parts of this project are not in the public domain. Attribution and licensing information for those parts are described in detail in [License](https://github.com/randal-sean-harrison/academic-website-template/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

The rest of this project is in the worldwide public domain, released under the CC0 1.0 Universal public domain dedication.
